Tell me about yourself.

STAR Questions
Tell me about a time you collaborated with a diverse team.
Tell me about a time you showed a bias for action.
Tell me about a time when you solved a problem creatively.
What were some of the projects that you worked on in your last job?
What is one of your biggest professional accomplishments?
How many years of experience do you have as a ML engineer?
What was your favorite project to work on? Why?

Non-STAR Questions 
- Company/Job Desciption Specific
Why should we hire you?
Why do you want to work here?
What do you know about this role?
What do you know about our organization?
What are your salary expectations?
What questions do you have for us?
What do you like about our company website?
Where did you hear about the job opening?
Do you prefer to work on a team or alone?
What makes you the best candidate for this position?
Do you have any experience working remotely?

- Non Company/Job Desciption Specific
What is one of your weaknesses?
What would you say is your greatest strength as a ML engineer?
Where do you want to be in five years?
What is the biggest disappointment in your career so far?

- Teamwork Questions
What are some approaches to handling conflict on a team?
Tell me about a time when you had to work closely with someone whose personality was very different from yours.
Give me an example of a time you faced a conflict with a coworker. How did you handle that?
How do you manage multiple tasks simultaneously?
How do you stay organized while developing a software application?
Describe a time when you had to step up and demonstrate leadership skills. or
If given a project, what steps would you take to ensure its successful completion?
Tell me about a time you made a mistake and wish you’d handled a situation with a colleague differently. or
Tell me about a time you failed. How did you deal with the situation?
Tell me about a time you needed to get information from someone who wasn’t very responsive. What did you do?

- Adaptability Questions
Tell me about a time you were under a lot of pressure at work or at school. 
What was going on, and how did you get through it?
Describe a time when your team or company was undergoing some change. 
How did that impact you, and how did you adapt?
Tell me about settling into your last job. What did you do to learn the ropes?
Give me an example of a time when you had to think on your feet.

- Time Management Questions
Give me an example of a time you managed numerous responsibilities. How did you handle that?
Describe a long-term project that you kept on track. How did you keep everything moving?
Tell me about a time your responsibilities got a little overwhelming. What did you do?
Tell me about a time you set a goal for yourself. How did you go about ensuring that you would meet your objective?
Tell me about a time an unexpected problem derailed your planning. How did you recover?

- Communication  Questions
Tell me about a time when you had to rely on written communication to get your ideas across.
Give me an example of a time when you were able to successfully persuade someone at work to see things your way.
Describe a time when you were the resident technical expert. 
What did you do to make sure everyone was able to understand you?
Give me an example of a time when you had to have a difficult conversation with a frustrated client or colleague. How did you handle the situation?
Tell me about a successful presentation you gave and why you think it was a hit.

- Motivation and Values Questions
Tell me about your proudest professional accomplishment.
Describe a time when you saw a problem and took the initiative to correct it.
Tell me about a time when you worked under either extremely close supervision or extremely loose supervision. How did you handle that?
Give me an example of a time you were able to be creative with your work. 
What was exciting or difficult about it?
Tell me about a time you were dissatisfied in your role. What could have been done to make it better? 

- Technical Questions
What is your favorite programming language? Why?
What are your most important software development/ML ethics?
How do you keep up with new technology in the industry?
Describe a time when you had to debug an issue and how did you go about it? or
What techniques have you found to be effective for debugging code?
What type of software development methodologies have you used in the past?
Do you have any experience with version control systems such as Git or Subversion?
Are there any new programming languages that you are hoping to learn?

